Add "Build the doc" section in the readme (#1184)
powsybl/powsybl-open-loadflow: docs/README.md

# PowSyBl OpenLoadflow documentation

These are the documentation sources for the powsybl-open-loadflow features.

Please keep them up to date with your developments.  
They are published on [powsybl-open-loadflow.readthedocs.io](http://powsybl-open-loadflow.readthedocs.io/) and pull requests are built and previewed automatically.

## Build the documentation

When modifying the website content, you can easily preview the result on your PC.

### From a terminal

> Navigate to the root of the project and run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the "docs" directory of the project and run the following commands:
```

Install the requirements the first time:
~~~bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
~~~
Build the documentation:
~~~bash
sphinx-build -a . ./_build/html
~~~
Or
~~~bash

> make html

Reviewer: Another comment from @flo-dup on the `powsybl-core` equivalent PR (powsybl/powsybl-core#3311):

> Those commands give the user a warning as docs/README.md is in the docs folder but is not readthedocs documentation. Should we keep the README.md in this folder?

Reviewer: Answer from @alicecaron on the `powsybl-core` PR:

> As discussed, the warning does not stop the documentation to be built and as the README.md in the docs folder is quite big (explaining how to handle the documentation etc...) we can keep it and only refer to it from the main repo README.md

=> OK

~~~
Or to build in latex format
~~~bash
make latexpdf
~~~

> ### From your IDE GUI

Reviewer: As @flo-dup noted on the `powsybl-core` equivalent PR (powsybl/powsybl-core#3311):

> This is not needed anymore as the commands are now the same
